docs: replace supported package managers list with a link in readme (#78)
snyk/snyk-intellij-plugin: README.md

- Remediation advice
- License compliance

## Useful links

> - We support languages like Java, JavaScript, .NET. See more at [Snyk page](https://snyk.co/ucWSd)

Reviewer: Looking at it again, I'd update it a bit:

```suggestion
- This plugin works with projects written in Java, JavaScript, .NET and many more languages. See the [full list of languages and package managers Snyk supports](https://snyk.co/ucWSd)
```

It makes it more obvious "there is more" and it makes the actual link text more descriptive

Author: I agree, now it sounds better!
